Formspec: Add HTML-like element (#8680)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

| list    |            |         | Spacing is now 0.25 for both directions, meaning lists will be taller in height
| label   | 0, +0.3    |         | The first line of text is now positioned centered exactly at the position specified

Markup language
---------------
Markup language used in text[] elements uses tag that look like HTML tags. Some
tags can enclose text, they open with <tagname> and close with </tagname>.
Tags can have attributes, in that case, attributes are in the openning tag in
form of a key/value separated with equal signs. Attribute values should not be quotted.

`<big>...</big>`: Big text

`<bigger>...</bigger>`: Bigger text

`<normal>...</normal>`: Normal size text

`<center>...</center>`: Centered text

`<left>...</left>`: Left aligned text

`<right>...</right>`: Right aligned text

`<justify>...</justify>`: Justified text

`<link name=...>...</link>`

Make that text a clickable link.

* `name`: Name of the link (mandatory).

When clicked, the formspec is send to the server. The value of the text field
sent to `on_player_receive_fields` will be "link:" concatenated to the link name.

`<img name=... float=... width=... height=...>`

> Draws an image. Image must be in game media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Draws an image. Image must be in the `textures/` sub-directory of a mod.
```

* `size`: Default text size.
* `font`: Default text font (`mono` or `normal`).
* `halign`: Default text horizontal alignment (`left`, `right`, `center`, `justify`).

This tag needs to be placed only once as it changes the global settings of the
text. Anyway, if several tags are placed, each changed will be made in the order
tags appear.

`<tag name=... color=... hovercolor=... font=... size=...>`

Defines or redefines tag style. This can be used to define new tags.
* `name`: Name of the tag to define or change.
* `color`: Text color. Given color is a `colorspec`.
* `hovercolor`: Text color when element hovered (only for `action` tags). Given color is a `colorspec`.
* `size`: Text size.
* `font`: Text font (`mono` or `normal`).

Following tags are the usual tags for text layout. They are defined by default. Other tags can be added using `tag` tag.

`<normal>...</normal>`: Normal size text

`<big>...</big>`: Big text

`<bigger>...</bigger>`: Bigger text

`<center>...</center>`: Centered text

`<left>...</left>`: Left-aligned text

`<right>...</right>`: Right-aligned text

`<justify>...</justify>`: Justified text

`<mono>...</mono>`: Monospaced font

> `<b>...</b>`, `<i>...</i>`: Supposed to be bold and italic font but actually a text with different color.

Reviewer 2: "Supposed to be"? Because it's not yet supported? What does this have to do with colors?

Author: No, it's not yet supported.

`<action name=...>...</action>`

Make that text a clickable text triggering an action.

* `name`: Name of the action (mandatory).

When clicked, the formspec is send to the server. The value of the text field
sent to `on_player_receive_fields` will be "action:" concatenated to the action
name.

`<img name=... float=... width=... height=...>`

> Draws an image. Image must be in the `textures/` sub-directory of a mod.

Reviewer 2: Not directly. It has to be in the client's media cache.
```suggestion
Draws an image which is present in the client media cache.
```
Or similar. Maybe just copy the short `image[]` description. Even if it's not present server-side it can be taken from the client's texture pack.

Reviewer 3: `client's media cache` is more confusing, even if slightly more accurate. It'd also be a very bad practice to use a texture assumed to be cached on the client.

* `name`: Name of the texture (mandatory).
* `float`: If present, makes the image floating (`left` or `right`).
* `width`: Force image width instead of taking texture width.
* `height`: Force image height instead of taking texture height.

If only width or height given, texture aspect is kept.

`<item name=... float=... width=... height=... rotate=...>`

Draws an item image.

* `name`: Item string of the item to draw (mandatory).
* `float`: If present, makes the image floating (`left` or `right`).
* `width`: Item image width.
* `height`: Item image height.

> * `rotate`: Rotate item image if set to `yes`.

Reviewer 2: Is this meant to switch between a simple 2D front texture and the rendered cube?

Author: No.

Reviewer 2: Would you please be so nice and extend the description a bit? If this is just ordinary rotation, would it be possible to change `yes` into a float, specifying the angle?

Colors
======

Formatted Text Format
---------------------

Formatted text format is similar to, but much simpler than, HTML.

Available tags are:

> `<style color=... size=... font=... >`

Reviewer 2: List notation would fit here.

Author: Example please?

Reviewer 2: ```
* `<style color=... size=... font=... >`
* ..
* ..
```
